Autistic Parent (G)
AVATAR 1
AUTISTIC / NEURODIVERGENT POTTY
TRAINING PARENT
(POOP komplett entfernt wie du verlangt hast)
Dieser Avatar ist der sensorisch sensible / neurodivergente Child Parent.
Typische Kinder:
● autism / possible autism
● speech delay
● non verbal
● sensory sensitive
● anxiety
● body-signal confusion
Alter häufig:
3-5 Jahre
1. ORIGINAL QUOTES (RESEARCH)
Alle passenden Full Quotes aus deiner RS
My son is 3 year old son, who is speech delayed, has no accidents on the naked
method, he simply goes to the potty without any prompting. But once you put on
underwear and pants, it’s accidents only.

-- 1 of 21 --

Any tips for potty training a non verbal autistic child? Hes almost 3 and starting
preschool in the fall so we would like to try again to start potty training over the
summer. He cant communicate any need to use the potty and seems unsure what
the potty is even for.
Does anyone have any suggestions for potty training my non verbal 3 year old? He
will be 4 in May. Has little to no interest in the potty. He uses some sign language,
but never potty. He comes with me and his little sister to the potty and sits on it
occasionally.
My oldest (almost 5) who is potty training. Okay, so he has only gone twice, both
time pee. We've been doing this for two weeks now. I did try to let him go without
diapers for a few hours, but he wasn't going, he was holding his pee and I got
worried.
My son is 3Y old. He pees and poops in the toilet at home just fine for over 3
months now. No night time diapers either. He is a great holder and can go for long
stretches. He has anxiety of public places and would never go in them.
My daughter is doing great with potty training at home, independently pees in potty,
little to no accidents, any advice on the mental block or support with anxiety around
daycare toileting? She says she’s “scared of daycare potty”.
My son is almost 3. He has no interest in the potty and does not care when his
diaper is wet.
He is never dry for 2 hours and is not uncomfortable in a wet diaper.
We go for autism testing in March. This is my first time navigating all of this and it
seems overwhelming.

-- 2 of 21 --

My son turns 2 in a month and he’s showing some signs of readiness, so we are
going to try the 3 day method with a reward system.
My son is turning 3 next week, and he was actually starting to use the potty before
he was 2, but then he just stopped.
When I tell him let’s go to the potty he yells no and just don’t go.
My son is 2.5 and says no to everything. Of course it wouldn’t be different with potty
training.
My son can’t communicate any need to use the potty.
He doesn’t have full bladder awareness yet and doesn’t realise he needs to go until
it’s happening.
My son who is speech delayed has no accidents on the naked method but once you
put underwear on it’s accidents only.
If prompted to sit on the potty he will sit and not do anything but as soon as he’s up
accident.
He will tell me pee and then starts to pee after a few seconds.
He seems unsure what the potty is even for.

-- 3 of 21 --

He started getting upset when we try to get him to use the potty.
Everything I’ve done when potty training other kids isn’t working with him.
I need your ideas and support.
This is my first time navigating all of this and it seems overwhelming.
He just soaks through the training undies and doesn’t even care that he’s wet.
We change his undies so many times throughout the day.
I feel like I need to go back to him being naked.
But how can we ever leave the house?
Our reward system is working well but it doesn’t seem to transfer when he’s
wearing undies.
He knows he will get prizes if he goes but he doesn’t like stickers or reward charts.
He takes the tokens off and throws them everywhere.
I don’t want to make going potty a negative or pressured thing.

-- 4 of 21 --

I want to do what’s best for her.
(Diese Quotes bilden den Datensatz für den Avatar.)
2. LANGUAGE BANK
Worte / Sätze aus Research
Wiederkehrende Wörter:
● autism
● non verbal
● speech delayed
● overwhelmed
● scared
● anxiety
● holding pee
● doesn’t realise
● no interest
● doesn’t care
● accidents
● help
● advice
● ideas

-- 5 of 21 --

Wiederkehrende Satzmuster
Typische Formulierungen:
● “Any advice?”
● “Please help.”
● “I don’t know what to do.”
● “Everything I’ve tried isn’t working.”
● “He doesn’t realise he needs to go.”
3. WIEDERKEHRENDE URSACHEN
Ursache 1
Body signal disconnect
Quote
He doesn’t have full bladder awareness yet and doesn’t realise he needs to go until
it’s happening.
Erklärung
Das Kind erkennt das Signal zu spät.
Der Körper sendet Signale, aber das Gehirn verbindet sie nicht mit Handlung.
Ursache 2
Communication gap

-- 6 of 21 --

Quote
He cant communicate any need to use the potty.
Erklärung
Selbst wenn ein Signal existiert, kann das Kind es nicht kommunizieren.
Ursache 3
Sensory resistance
Quote
He started getting upset when we try to get him to use the potty.
Erklärung
Potty Training erzeugt sensorischen Stress.
Ursache 4
Underwear confusion
Quote
once you put underwear on it’s accidents only.
Erklärung
Das Kind interpretiert Kleidung wie eine Windel.
4. WHY DOES SHE FEEL LIKE THAT
Eltern erleben:

-- 7 of 21 --

● klassische Methoden funktionieren nicht
● Entwicklung wirkt unvorhersehbar
● sie fühlen sich allein
Quote
Everything I’ve done when potty training other kids isn’t working with him.
Quote
This is my first time navigating all of this and it seems overwhelming.
Quote
I need your ideas and support.
5. MAIN BUY TRIGGER
Dieser Avatar reagiert stark auf:
● gentle learning
● sensory friendly
● body awareness
● gradual transition
Quote
I don’t want to make going potty a negative or pressured thing.
6. CHILD CHARACTERISTICS
Typische Merkmale:

-- 8 of 21 --

Speech delay
Quote
My son who is speech delayed
Autism
Quote
We go for autism testing in March.
Signal confusion
Quote
doesn’t realise he needs to go until it’s happening.
7. VERHALTEN
Eltern probieren viele Methoden:
Quote
We were doing the naked method.
Quote
Our reward system is working well.
Quote
I tried reward charts.
Quote
I tried pushing liquids.
8. CORE DESIRES

-- 9 of 21 --

Eltern wünschen sich:
● Body awareness
● weniger accidents
● stressfreie learning phase
Quote
I want to do what’s best for her.
9. PRE EMOTIONS
Emotionen vor Kauf:
● overwhelm
● frustration
● uncertainty
Quote
This is my first time navigating all of this and it seems overwhelming.
10. WHY NOW
Auslöser:
preschool start
Quote
starting preschool in the fall so we want to try again.

-- 10 of 21 --

11. WHY NOT BEFORE
Quote
We put potty training on hold for a while.
12. RELATABLE MOMENTS
Kind spielt → accident
Quote
He doesn’t realise he needs to go until it’s happening.
Kind merkt es erst wenn es passiert
Quote
He will tell me pee and then starts to pee after a few seconds.
Kind versteht Potty Konzept nicht
Quote
seems unsure what the potty is even for.
13. IDENTITY
Dieser Parent sieht sich als:
● geduldig
● unterstützend

-- 11 of 21 --

● lernbereit
Quote
I want to do what’s best for her.
14. AWARENESS LEVEL
Problem aware
Eltern wissen:
Potty Training funktioniert nicht.
15. MARKET AWARENESS
Solution aware
Sie kennen:
● naked method
● rewards
● timers
16. TRANSFORMATION JOURNEY
(detailliert)
Stage 1
Confusion

-- 12 of 21 --

Quote
He doesn’t realise he needs to go.
Stage 2
Trying methods
Quote
We were doing the naked method.
Stage 3
Frustration
Quote
once you put underwear on it’s accidents only.
Stage 4
Seeking help
Quote
I need your ideas and support.
Stage 5
Discovering sensory friendly solution
Hier würde dein Produkt ansetzen:
Body Signal Learning Layer

-- 13 of 21 --

ZUSÄTZLICHE ORIGINAL QUOTES
Autistic / Neurodivergent Parent Avatar (Research)
My son is almost 3. He has no interest in the potty and does not care when his
diaper is wet. When I see him trying to poop I'll ask him if he wants to sit on the
potty, he refuses.
My son is 2.5 and says no to everything. Of course it wouldn’t be different with potty
training. We have tried twice. The first time he did sit on the potty a few times and
then started saying no every time I prompt him.
The second time he was refusing from the beginning. He will tell me pee and then
starts to pee after a few seconds, but when I tell him let’s go to the potty he yells no
and just doesn’t go.
My son is turning 3 next week, and he was actually starting to use the potty before
he was 2, but then he just stopped.
When I offered the toilet again his refusal turned into a full blown tantrum.
It resulted in screams and tears as if he was terrified of the toilet.
I ended up putting the diaper back on him and five minutes later he came to me
saying mommy change my diaper I have to poop.
My daughter will be 4 in November and I’m having a hard time with her telling me
she needs to go.

-- 14 of 21 --

She has constant accidents until I force her to go sit on the potty.
She doesn’t mind sitting on the potty and does her stickers every time she goes but
she won’t tell me she has to go.
How can I help her?
Looking for some guidance my son is nearly 3 and we have been doing a very slow
transition to undies.
He still wears nappies but when he has no nappy time he can go an hour or so
without needing to go.
We have had two successful wees in the toilet and a lot of accidents.
He doesn’t have full bladder awareness yet and doesn’t realise he needs to go to
the toilet until it’s happening.
I’ve been told I should just ditch the nappies and have a few days at home without
nappies on.
Should I wait a bit longer until he has more awareness?
Or will awareness come with less nappy time?
My son is 3 year old son who is speech delayed.

-- 15 of 21 --

He has no accidents on the naked method.
He simply goes to the potty without prompting.
But once you put on underwear and pants it’s accidents only.
If prompted to sit on the potty he will sit and not do anything.
But as soon as he’s up accident.
Please help.
My son is 3 and I just had a baby in July.
We tried potty training because he was ready over the spring and summer but with
me being heavily pregnant and then postpartum I just put it on pause.
We’re getting back into it in the last couple weeks and he had stretches where he’d
have no accidents during the day.
We were doing the naked method and since it was going so well we put him in
training undies but now he just soaks through them and doesn’t even care that he’s
wet.
We change his undies so many times throughout the day that I feel like I need to go
back to him being naked.

-- 16 of 21 --

But how can we ever leave the house?
Our reward system is working well and he likes the treats he gets for peeing on the
potty.
But it doesn’t seem to transfer when he’s wearing undies.
Any tips for potty training a non verbal autistic child?
Hes almost 3 and starting preschool in the fall so we would like to try again to start
potty training over the summer.
He cant communicate any need to use the potty.
He seems unsure what the potty is even for.
Recently he started getting upset when we try to get him to use the potty.
We dont know what caused the regression.
Everything I’ve done when potty training other kids isn’t working with him.
Does anyone have any suggestions for potty training my non verbal 3 year old?
He will be 4 in May.

-- 17 of 21 --

Has little to no interest in the potty.
He uses some sign language but never potty.
He comes with me and his little sister to the potty and sits on it occasionally.
He is never dry for 2 hours and is not uncomfortable in a wet diaper.
We go for autism testing in March.
This is my first time navigating all of this and it seems overwhelming.
My son is 3Y old and he pees in the toilet at home just fine.
But he has anxiety of public places and would never go in them.
Instead he will hold it and wait until we are home.
He likes privacy and would not go in their toilets.
My daughter is doing great with potty training at home.
She independently pees in potty with little to no accidents.

-- 18 of 21 --

But she has anxiety around daycare toileting.
She says she is scared of daycare potty.
She has been withholding for them for hours.
PATTERN ERKENNBAR AUS DEN
QUOTES
Wenn man alle Quotes zusammen betrachtet, entstehen klare Muster.
Pattern 1
Communication Gap
Viele Kinder können das Signal nicht kommunizieren.
Quote
He cant communicate any need to use the potty.
Quote
He uses some sign language but never potty.
Pattern 2
Body Awareness Delay
Quote

-- 19 of 21 --

He doesn’t realise he needs to go to the toilet until it’s happening.
Quote
He is never dry for 2 hours and is not uncomfortable in a wet diaper.
Pattern 3
Underwear Confusion
Quote
But once you put on underwear and pants it’s accidents only.
Quote
He just soaks through the training undies and doesn’t even care that he’s wet.
Pattern 4
Sensory / Anxiety
Quote
He started getting upset when we try to get him to use the potty.
Quote
It resulted in screams and tears as if he was terrified of the toilet.
Quote
She says she is scared of daycare potty.
Pattern 5
Context-specific success

-- 20 of 21 --

Quote
My daughter is doing great with potty training at home but scared of daycare potty.
Quote
He has anxiety of public places and would never go in them.
WICHTIGER INSIGHT FÜR DEINE ADS
Diese Research zeigt etwas extrem Wertvolles:
Der Autistic Parent Avatar hat kein Potty Training Problem.
Er hat ein:
BODY SIGNAL TRANSLATION PROBLEM
Das bedeutet:
Kind versteht nicht:
Body Signal → Action
Und genau dort passt deine Mechanism perfekt:
Body-Signal Learning Layer™

-- 21 of 21 --

