Autistic language Bank
Categories Language Bank
Avatar – “Autistic Parent"
LANGUAGE BANK
POWER WORDS Individualized Education Program (IEP)Applied Behavior Analysis
(ABA)Pathological Demand Avoidance (PDA)NT = Neurotypical (NT kids)
Sensory Occupational Therapy (OT)
Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)sensory/motor issue / sensory issues
Accidents
Fully potty trainedPull Ups / Diaper
LeaksAccidents
MeltdownsNo awarenessInteroceptionDemand avoidanceStubbornPower
struggleRegressionHyper vigilant
TRIGGER PHRASES
(sentences that get response) 	“She’ll pee herself and just keep playing.”
My son screams and cries for chocolate and refuses to use the toilet to be treated
with it.
I get so defeated I put his diaper back on.
Potty training is the absolute worst.
She is not showing any signs of readiness and is TERRIFIED of the potty.
how the heck do you potty train an autistic 3 year old
He'll start to pee and theeen run (while peeing) to his potty 󰷺 (or just stand there
like WHAT DO I DO.)
I can’t describe how many times I’ve gone on Reddit trying to figure out how it potty
train them.
We’re on day 2 of I don’t even remember how many attempts at this point. I hate it.
We're on round...who knows what of potty training too, and it's brutal
If I try prompting her she just freaks out and refuses to sit on the toilet.
I don’t want to deal with power struggles 7 times a day either.
“He freaks out the second I suggest the potty.”
Potty training my son was a mess
“I can’t afford pull-ups forever.”
potty training hell

-- 1 of 6 --

She’ll just continue to play in the pee. She doesn’t care.
„I'm starting to feel ashamed when other parents see his diaper poke out of his pants
at the playground.“
„She’ll pee herself and just keep playing in the puddle.“
My son is autistic as well and dribbles a lot and withholds his pee forever.
he cries because he’s so in pain from holding it and it won’t come out.
We almost got divorced lol
I feel like giving up potty training our ASD 4 yo. It’s so hard.
(pooping related) We had a few hard weeks where he wasn’t sleeping at night, just
running around his room, we thought we were losing our minds…
Potty Training Nightmare
Children with autism often have misfires between their brain and their bladders.
I’m so sick of cleaning up shit. (note: should be turned into pee)
My partner is FURIOUS at me that she isn't potty trained
Finally done, finally being able to communicate 💩 and pee 😭!!
He refused to go to the potty. meltdowns about having to go so frequently.
I just can't seem to get him to consistently use the potty.
We definitely struggle with some demand avoidance, not full blown PDA but pretty
close.
These past three years have been hell
We did stay in for a week and it was absolute hell,
What can take a NT child weeks to learn, takes months or years for our kids so
ANYTHING that can speed up very important milestones for our kids is a plus.
She knew how to go, but she just didn't want to.
She struggles with interoception, so she doesn't seem to really understand when she
needs to pee.
He doesn't care about peeing himself one bit, or what else he gets soaked in pee.
we thought we were losing our minds…
I don't want to resort to bribery, but I'm literally at a loss of what to do.
We try for a few days just to sit fully clothed and it leads to a panic attack.

-- 2 of 6 --

Dude potty training suuuuucks!!
We gave up and let the ABA therapist try it.
My son is apparently doing great at ABA and is basically potty trained there but at
home he screams and won't even go near the potty. 😭😭😭😭😭
Children with autism often have misfires between their brain and their bladders.
METAPHORS
(How they describe the feeling) “I feel like giving up.”
Defeat. That’s what I feel.
I felt as though our son would be in diapers forever
“This is driving me insane.”
„…I'm starting to feel ashamed when other parents see his diaper poke out of his pants
at the playground.“
I feel like we have tried everything, reward systems, punishments and nothing seems to
work.
I absolutely lost it. I yelled at him and smacked his butt. I’m an emotional wreck
right now.
It was a struggle but since January we’ve been working hard😩.
I feel like a failure because he's still in pull ups.
it was brutal, nothing we read and no advice we received worked.
My wife was desperate.
his mom tried potty training him but gave up because she's not that patient with him.
The timeline for an autistic kid is not the same as an NT child, so we've been told
not to rush it.
He's fairly high functioning and seems ready, but I'm just at a loss and feel like
giving up.
he had constant accidents and would have massive meltdowns if we asked him to try and
use the toilet at regular intervals
SCENE DESCRIPTIONS
(specific moments) Sitting on the potty… nothing happens… then peeing on the floor 10
minutes later.
Holding it for hours until it physically spills out.
Pre-drip running down his leg.
Standing there mid-pee like “what do I do?”

-- 3 of 6 --

Running while peeing to the potty.
Peeing right in front of the bathroom.
Peeing and continuing to play.
Screaming when asked to sit.
Rolling on the floor to avoid pulling pants up.
Sitting on the potty watching Bluey but not releasing.
Changing pants 10 times a day.
Parent hyper-vigilantly watching body cues.
Parent counting the minutes between attempts.
“Time to go potty.” → immediate meltdown.
Parent pretending it’s a “secret pee.”
FAILED SOLUTIONS
(what they have tried) 	Timers every 15–30 minutes
Sitting schedules
Forcing success (rushing to toilet mid-pee)
Reward charts
Candy bribes
Sticker systems
Toys for pee
Screen time on the toilet
Books next to the potty
Songs (Elmo, Cocomelon)
Bare bottom method
Underwear under pull-ups
Taking diapers away cold turkey
Leaving diapers on at night
Juice loading
Salty snacks to increase output

-- 4 of 6 --

Bubbles to “relax and release”
Running water sounds
Potty in every room
OT support
Early intervention
Waiting it out
Making them clean it up
Ignoring accidents
Over-the-top celebration
Being neutral and calm
(Individualized Education Program (IEP)
Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA))
OBJECTIONS
(what stops them) “Maybe she’s just not ready.”
“What if I’m pushing too hard?”
"She refuses and I’m not about to force her"
“If I wait longer, will it be worse?”
“What if he starts kindergarten in pull-ups?”
“I can’t afford pull-ups anymore.”
“I don’t want school to shame him.”
“I don’t want this to become a power struggle.”
“I don’t want him to become potty-averse.”
“I don’t know if this is sensory or behavioral.”
“Is this interoception or stubbornness?”
“How do I know if it’s refusal or inability?”
“We can’t live like this forever.”
“I feel like I’m failing.”
“Why does this seem so easy for other parents?”

-- 5 of 6 --

“We took time off everything for this.”
“If this doesn’t work, I don’t know what will.”
Words Individualized Education Program (IEP)
Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA)
Pathological Demand Avoidance (PDA)
NT = Neurotypical
sensory/motor issue

-- 6 of 6 --

