Deadline Pressure language Bank (m)
Categories Language Bank
Avatar – “The Deadline Pressure Parent (PRESCHOOL/PRE-K)”
LANGUAGE BANK
POWER WORDS Pre school
Pre-K
Accidents
Fully potty trained
Pediatricians
Pull Ups / Diaper
Leaks
Beeing wet/dry
Stubborn
Toddler
Resistance / Regression
Pressure
cold turkey
pee and poo
TRIGGER PHRASES
(sentences that get response) 	I finally had to basically shame her into (potty
training) training bc I was worried she'd be starting Kindergarten and still be in
diapers. I hated that.
I’m getting nervous because I wanted him super confident and independent with the
potty before pre-K but it’s not looking good ughhh
(Potty training) It is the worst. It makes me want to lose my mind.
I have a girl. She gives ZERO effs about being wet.
She will be unable to attend her school this Summer if she is not potty trained.
(me yelling) “YOU HAVE TO STAY ON THE POTTY! YOU HAVE TO STAY ON THE POTTY” while my 2
year old cries.
I have six weeks to get him fully potty trained or (we lose our childcare.) he cant go
to pre-K
Potty training is the absolute worst. If I could’ve hired someone to do it, I
would’ve.
When he turns three he’ll have to be potty trained in order to move up to the
preschool class at daycare.
Potty training days are BORING
Potty Training is Killing Me and Ruining My Marriage
F*CK POTTY TRAINING (respectfully)
Greetings from hell.

-- 1 of 5 --

I hate potty training
Potty training is the absolute worst. If I could’ve hired someone to do it, I
would’ve.
We both work and I don't have an alternative for him if that happens. (not beeing
potty trained until pre-K/preschool)
potty training is the worst thing i’ve experienced so far in parenthood.
Potty training is a level of hell for sure.
potty training has had me debating whether or not i want another kid.
potty training might be mine and my partner’s demise.
She is SO stubborn.
I am going to try cold turkey - no diapers but the problem is she will cry and scream.
daycare refuses to move her up in classes until she potty trains and I can’t enroll
her into pre-k until then, either.
METAPHORS
(How they describe the feeling) I’m beyond overstimulated and stressed.
I began panicking about potty training last fall since ... (pre-K starts)
I’m the worst mom. I hate this.
I guess it’s kind of a ways away, but I’m still worried he won’t be ready.
we’re feeling the pressure to make sure she gets the hang of this sooner rather than
later
Potty training without success is so frustrating and disheartening!
I felt absolutely betrayed by “oh crap” because it did not work at all for my toddler
Potty training is the part of parenthood that I feel has got me feeling truly defeated
😅
I'm exhausted from the constant hyper-vigilance and power struggles required to keep
him dry (...).
The biggest hindrance for me was the frustration
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
(Explaining the mechanism why training underwear works.) Think of getting your period
right in your underwear but you're wearing jeans so it all just stays put. It feels
gross. That's what this feels like for them.
SCENE DESCRIPTIONS
(specific moments) Standing at daycare pickup while staff hand over a bag of multiple
soaked pants
Checking the calendar and counting down: “six weeks left”

-- 2 of 5 --

Yelling “YOU HAVE TO STAY ON THE POTTY” while child cries
Realizing preschool enrollment depends on this
Child hiding around the corner and peeing on the floor
Opening the daycare app and seeing another accident report
Child ripping off the potty watch mid-scream
Sticker chart hanging ignored on the fridge
Packing extra clothes every single morning “just in case”
Partner giving in because they can’t handle the crying
Feeling panic because Deadline is getting closer
Hearing “we can’t move her up until she’s potty trained”
Watching younger kids move to the next class
Carrying a screaming toddler into a public bathroom while strangers stare
Seeing “regression” stretch from weeks into 6 months
Washing the car seat again because they ran out of spares
Child ripping off the potty watch mid-scream
Offering a Peanut M&M that used to work — now refused
FAILED SOLUTIONS
(what they have tried)
Straight to underwear
Pull-ups/Diapers
Training underwear
Reward like “candy/gummies”/Bribes (sweets, M&M, ...)
3 day (no underwear) method (3day naked method) (well hydrated)
Oh crap (famous potty training book method)
Timer/Potty Watch
Cocomelon potty song
BusyToddler’s guide (many different books on that topic)
Sticker charts

-- 3 of 5 --

Peer Motivation
Daniel Tiger potty episodes
"Just wait until he is ready"
"Let them drink water/juice (alot) so they have to go to the toilet the whole day"
OBJECTIONS
(what stops them) "He’s just not ready":
“He’s not really showing any interest yet.”
“You can’t potty train until your child decides it’s time.”
“Experts say wait for readiness.”
“Kids learn at different times.”
“Pushing beyond their ability can cause regressions.”
“Forcing before developmentally ready leads to issues.”
"I don’t want to stress him":
“By getting frustrated, we made her feel pressure.”
“She associated the potty with a bad thing.”
“Pushing too early can cause regressions.”
"We made her feel pressure and she associated the potty with a bad thing""
"He just refuses":
“My toddler is impossible to potty train.”
“He won’t catch on.”
“He says he doesn’t need to go.”
“He pees 60 seconds later.”
“Resistance.”
“She just can’t be bothered.”
We’ve tried everything -> failed solutions

-- 4 of 5 --

"I’m failing/I don’t have the energy":
“I am a bad parent.” / “I feel like a failure.”
“I’ll try again when I regain some energy.”
“I don’t know how to help my baby.”
""Missed the potty training window.""
“I don’t have it in me.”
"It’s normal":
“Every child is different.”
“Late potty training isn’t new.”
“There is no right age.”
“Some kids take longer.”
“It happens at different times.”
“Regression is normal.”
"We’re still having issues/regressions and there’s absolutely nothing wrong with my
kid"
"My husband gives in"
VILLAIN 	It’s honestly bc of the whole “wait until your child is ready” propaganda
from diaper companies
AUTHORITY 	Early childhood professional
Former daycare worker
Pediatricians

-- 5 of 5 --

